https://codepen.io/JoseLG/pen/XWKENdG?editors=1000

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?Titles for code with a specific task to surround context(img, text).  
    2. What is HTML used for? A structure basis for the beginning of work.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes are used to name classes or other things in order to easily refer to them.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?for a header tag to refer to and should be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. ids, class
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? page title or links to css
    7. What is an id? used to point to a specific style declaration in a style sheet
    8. What elements can I add an id to? used to specify a unique id for an HTML element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 1
    10. What is a class? is a non unique name used to assign to a sentax used multiple times to distinguish later when using other formats like css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? every
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as youd like but it may not be to your benefit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?adding the target=”_blank” attribute. insert this after the link address.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? specifies an alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?section tag defines sections in a document,div tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document
    17. What is CSS used for?styling 
    18. How to we select an element? h2{}Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Class to specify which sentax exactly. an id with images
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class-name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? is to pick something out from a bunch of code thats within a parent sentax.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?#sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?line height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?<div style="border: dotted 1px black" id="mydiv">content</div> 
or
    29. How do I select everything on the page? right click select all
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm you could delete something vital
    34. Why should I use version control? to add and commit
    35. How often should I commit to github?when needed
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin "first-last"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. first git code "paste code here"
then,git branch -b jose-guera
then, git add .
then, git commit -m "added text file"
then, git push -u origin jose-guerra


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? bsolutely positioned element no longer exists in the normal document layout flow. Instead, it sits on its own layer separate from everything else.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 